## VeeamHub

Veeamhub projects are community driven projects, and are not created by Veeam R&D nor validated by Veeam Q&A. They are maintained by community members which might be or not be Veeam employees.

## Project Notes
Author: Wouter Oltlammers & Rico Wezenberg (Veeam Software)

Function: Processes specific users, recipient types, and group members, based on specific warnings generated by the VBO backup. For example, when a Shared Mailbox is deleted in O365 but is still part of a backup job, which then returns a 'Warning: User was not found)' in the VBO Job log. Based on the warning either an exclusion (GroupMember) or a removal (Individual Object) will take place.

Description: 

Processes specific users, recipient types, and group members in Veeam Backup for Microsoft Office 365 backup jobs which are for some reason not valid anymore.

With this script, you can filter out Mailboxes or accounts that don't exist anymore. In this script, you can use multiple warning values on which checks need to be done.

For jobs created based on Group membership  (Security/Distribution, Dynamic Security Group) on which a group member cannot be processed anymore, for example when no mailbox exists anymore, will be moved to the Excluded Objects list in the VBO Job.

For jobs created based on individual objects such as users and shared mailboxes that do not exist anymore, the script will remove those specific accounts or mailboxes from the VBO Job. 

This script can run simultaneously on multiple jobs. To configure the jobs on which this script needs to check on warnings, input those jobs in the job input textfile as described in the script information.

Requires: Veeam Backup for Microsoft Office 365 PowerShell module.

##Changelog:

Changes 20-08-2020 (v1.0)
Initial commit.

## Distributed under MIT license
Copyright (c) 2020 VeeamHub
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.